README.md, before:

# Mixxx

[![GitHub latest tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/mixxxdj/mixxx.svg)](https://mixxx.org/download)
[![Packaging status](https://repology.org/badge/tiny-repos/mixxx.svg)](https://repology.org/metapackage/mixxx/versions)
[![Build status](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/actions/workflows/build.yml)
[![Coverage status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/mixxxdj/mixxx/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/mixxxdj/mixxx)
[![Zulip chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/zulip-join_chat-brightgreen.svg)](https://mixxx.zulipchat.com)
[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://mixxx.org/donate)

[Mixxx] is Free DJ software that gives you everything you need to perform live
DJ mixes. Mixxx works on GNU/Linux, Windows, and macOS.

## Quick Start

To get started with Mixxx:

1. For live use, [download the latest stable version][download-stable].
2. For experimentation and testing, [download a development release][download-testing].
3. To live on the bleeding edge, clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx.git`

## Bug tracker

The Mixxx team uses [Launchpad] to manage Mixxx development.

Have a bug or feature request? [File a bug on Launchpad][fileabug].

Want to get involved in Mixxx development? Assign yourself a bug from the [easy
bug list][easybugs] and get started!

## Building Mixxx

First, open a terminal (on Windows, use "x64 Native Tools Command Prompt for
VS 2019"), download the mixxx source code and navigate to it:

    $ git clone https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx.git
    $ cd mixxx

Fetch the required dependencies and set up the build environment (on Windows,
macOS and Debian/Ubuntu, you can do that by running
`tools\windows_buildenv.bat`, `source tools/macos_buildenv.sh setup` or `source
tools/debian_buildenv.sh setup` respectively), then run:

    $ mkdir build
    $ cd build
    $ cmake ..
    $ cmake --build .

There should now be a `mixxx` executable in the current directory that you can
run. Alternatively, can generate a package using `cpack`.

More Information can be found on the [wiki]:

- [Compiling on Linux]
- [Compiling on macOS]
- [Compiling on Windows]

## Documentation

For help using Mixxx, there are a variety of options:

- [Mixxx manual][manual]
- [Mixxx wiki][wiki]
- [Frequently Asked Questions][FAQ]
- [Hardware Compatibility]
- [Creating Skins]

## Translation

Help to spread Mixxx with translations into more languages, as well as to update and ensure the accuracy of existing translations.

- [Help translate content]
- [Mixxx i18n wiki]
- [Mixxx localization forum]
- [Mixxx glossary]

## Community

Mixxx is a vibrant community of hackers, DJs and artists. To keep track of
development and community news:

- Chat with us on [Zulip][zulip].
- Follow us on [Twitter] and [Facebook].
- Subscribe to the [Mixxx Blog][blog].
- Post on the [Mixxx forums][discourse].

## License

Mixxx is released under the GPLv2. See the LICENSE file for a full copy of the
license.

[mixxx]: https://mixxx.org
[download-stable]: https://mixxx.org/download/#stable
[download-testing]: https://mixxx.org/download/#testing
[fileabug]: https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+filebug
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/mixxxdj
[facebook]: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mixxx-DJ-Software/21723485212
[blog]: https://mixxx.org/news/
[manual]: https://manual.mixxx.org/
[wiki]: https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki
[faq]: https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/Faq
[Compiling on Linux]: https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/Compiling%20on%20Linux
[Compiling on MacOS]: https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/Compiling%20on%20macOS
[Compiling on Windows]: https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/compiling-on-windows
[CMake]: https://cmake.org/
[easybugs]: https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bugs?field.searchtext=&orderby=-importance&search=Search&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&field.status%3Alist=TRIAGED&field.status%3Alist=INPROGRESS&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&assignee_option=any&field.assignee=&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=&field.structural_subscriber=&field.tag=easy&field.tags_combinator=ANY&field.has_cve.used=&field.omit_dupes.used=&field.omit_dupes=on&field.affects_me.used=&field.has_patch.used=&field.has_branches.used=&field.has_branches=on&field.has_no_branches.used=&field.has_no_branches=on&field.has_blueprints.used=&field.has_blueprints=on&field.has_no_blueprints.used=&field.has_no_blueprints=on
[creating skins]: https://mixxx.org/wiki/doku.php/Creating-Skins
[help translate content]: https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/mixxxdj
[Mixxx i18n wiki]: https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/Internationalization
[Mixxx localization forum]: https://mixxx.discourse.group/c/translation/13
[Mixxx glossary]: https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/mixxxdj/glossary/l/en/
[hardware compatibility]: https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/Hardware-Compatibility
[zulip]: https://mixxx.zulipchat.com/
[discourse]: https://mixxx.discourse.group/

Commit message:

Big initial commit of hacky changes.
1. Stopped process from preventing machine from sleeping when not playing
2. Stopped processing after decks stop playing to save on CPU
3. Introduced next and previous track buttons
4. Added an option to stop writing out changes to cue points all the time
5. Supported "Default audio device"
6. Supported default audio device changing
7. Support macos "Now Playing" and media keys
8. Fixed some drag and drop issues
9. Added a config option to set preferred analyzed BPM range

README.md, after:

# Mixxx

[![GitHub latest tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/mixxxdj/mixxx.svg)](https://mixxx.org/download)
[![Packaging status](https://repology.org/badge/tiny-repos/mixxx.svg)](https://repology.org/metapackage/mixxx/versions)
[![Build status](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/actions/workflows/build.yml)
[![Coverage status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/mixxxdj/mixxx/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/mixxxdj/mixxx)
[![Zulip chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/zulip-join_chat-brightgreen.svg)](https://mixxx.zulipchat.com)
[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://mixxx.org/donate)

[Mixxx] is Free DJ software that gives you everything you need to perform live
DJ mixes. Mixxx works on GNU/Linux, Windows, and macOS.

## Fork TL;DR

Basic premise:

- Make mixxx usable as an any situation everyday music player

More detailed changes:

1. Stopped process from preventing machine from sleeping when not playing
1. Stopped processing after decks stop playing to save on CPU
1. Introduced next and previous track buttons
1. Added an option to stop writing out changes to cue points all the time
1. Supported "Default audio device"
1. Supported default audio device changing
1. Support macos "Now Playing" and media keys
1. Fixed some drag and drop issues
1. Added a config option to set preferred analyzed BPM range

## Quick Start

To get started with Mixxx:

1. For live use, [download the latest stable version][download-stable].
2. For experimentation and testing, [download a development release][download-testing].
3. To live on the bleeding edge, clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx.git`

## Bug tracker

The Mixxx team uses [Launchpad] to manage Mixxx development.

Have a bug or feature request? [File a bug on Launchpad][fileabug].

Want to get involved in Mixxx development? Assign yourself a bug from the [easy
bug list][easybugs] and get started!

## Building Mixxx

First, open a terminal (on Windows, use "x64 Native Tools Command Prompt for
VS 2019"), download the mixxx source code and navigate to it:

    $ git clone https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx.git
    $ cd mixxx

Fetch the required dependencies and set up the build environment (on Windows,
macOS and Debian/Ubuntu, you can do that by running
`tools\windows_buildenv.bat`, `source tools/macos_buildenv.sh setup` or `source
tools/debian_buildenv.sh setup` respectively), then run:

    $ mkdir build
    $ cd build
    $ cmake ..
    $ cmake --build .

There should now be a `mixxx` executable in the current directory that you can
run. Alternatively, can generate a package using `cpack`.

More Information can be found on the [wiki]:

- [Compiling on Linux]
- [Compiling on macOS]
- [Compiling on Windows]

## Documentation

For help using Mixxx, there are a variety of options:

- [Mixxx manual][manual]
- [Mixxx wiki][wiki]
- [Frequently Asked Questions][FAQ]
- [Hardware Compatibility]
- [Creating Skins]

## Translation

Help to spread Mixxx with translations into more languages, as well as to update and ensure the accuracy of existing translations.

- [Help translate content]
- [Mixxx i18n wiki]
- [Mixxx localization forum]
- [Mixxx glossary]

## Community

Mixxx is a vibrant community of hackers, DJs and artists. To keep track of
development and community news:

- Chat with us on [Zulip][zulip].
- Follow us on [Twitter] and [Facebook].
- Subscribe to the [Mixxx Blog][blog].
- Post on the [Mixxx forums][discourse].

## License

Mixxx is released under the GPLv2. See the LICENSE file for a full copy of the
license.

[mixxx]: https://mixxx.org
[download-stable]: https://mixxx.org/download/#stable
[download-testing]: https://mixxx.org/download/#testing
[fileabug]: https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+filebug
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/mixxxdj
[facebook]: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mixxx-DJ-Software/21723485212
[blog]: https://mixxx.org/news/
[manual]: https://manual.mixxx.org/
[wiki]: https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki
[faq]: https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/Faq
[Compiling on Linux]: https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/Compiling%20on%20Linux
[Compiling on MacOS]: https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/Compiling%20on%20macOS
[Compiling on Windows]: https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/compiling-on-windows
[CMake]: https://cmake.org/
[easybugs]: https://bugs.launchpad.net/mixxx/+bugs?field.searchtext=&orderby=-importance&search=Search&field.status%3Alist=NEW&field.status%3Alist=CONFIRMED&field.status%3Alist=TRIAGED&field.status%3Alist=INPROGRESS&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITH_RESPONSE&field.status%3Alist=INCOMPLETE_WITHOUT_RESPONSE&assignee_option=any&field.assignee=&field.bug_reporter=&field.bug_commenter=&field.subscriber=&field.structural_subscriber=&field.tag=easy&field.tags_combinator=ANY&field.has_cve.used=&field.omit_dupes.used=&field.omit_dupes=on&field.affects_me.used=&field.has_patch.used=&field.has_branches.used=&field.has_branches=on&field.has_no_branches.used=&field.has_no_branches=on&field.has_blueprints.used=&field.has_blueprints=on&field.has_no_blueprints.used=&field.has_no_blueprints=on
[creating skins]: https://mixxx.org/wiki/doku.php/Creating-Skins
[help translate content]: https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/mixxxdj
[Mixxx i18n wiki]: https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/Internationalization
[Mixxx localization forum]: https://mixxx.discourse.group/c/translation/13
[Mixxx glossary]: https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/mixxxdj/glossary/l/en/
[hardware compatibility]: https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/Hardware-Compatibility
[zulip]: https://mixxx.zulipchat.com/
[discourse]: https://mixxx.discourse.group/
